README.md, before:

# Decima (DCMA)

<img width="6012" height="2285" alt="Decima-Coin-logo_1 0 1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74eedd16-7fdd-47ee-bc4c-b6f552e3ab73" />

Decima (DCMA) is a blockchain-based digital asset ecosystem developed by Decima Technologies to support long-term participation in real-economy infrastructure, aviation, AI platforms, and research-driven ventures.

DCMA is designed as a structured participation instrument within a broader enterprise ecosystem - emphasizing transparency, governance, and technological integration.

# Overview

* Token Name: Decima
* Symbol: DCMA
* Blockchain: Binance Smart Chain (BEP-20)
* Total Supply: 21,000,000 DCMA
* Decimals: 18
* Primary Ecosystem App: NexusVault (Google Play - Android)
* Link to Nexus Vault Android App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.decima.nexusvault

DCMA operates within a controlled ecosystem architecture where usage, transfers, and participation mechanisms are aligned with long-term enterprise objectives.

# NexusVault Android App Screenshots

<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7077abdc-7574-46b8-b992-772fd5010667" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0b7d80ef-b62d-4d5c-9c15-1c8cb5253a6a" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/720c6d3d-86f0-498f-8214-767b913d14a2" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/951c632d-171e-481e-bf09-6d107a1b3d0d" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf52642d-80c7-4a77-a179-e91a85610bb9" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58d9467f-5561-46fb-9bfd-924ab8c5b1da" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/78156775-b959-45c5-8f4e-4a4549c98d63" />

# Vision

Decima aims to build a structured digital asset layer that integrates with:

* Aviation infrastructure development
* Airline operations platforms
* AI-enabled airport systems
* Advanced research & IP commercialization
* Strategic enterprise participation frameworks
* The goal is not speculative short-term trading, but long-term ecosystem alignment.

# Ecosystem Architecture

DCMA functions within the NexusVault platform, which provides:

* Peer-to-peer matched trading
* Internal ecosystem liquidity mechanisms
* Structured pricing display logic
* Digital asset management interface
* Governance-based participation model

The architecture is designed to ensure:

* Controlled token circulation
* Transparent transaction history (on-chain)
* Independent wallet compatibility (BEP-20 compliant)
* Clear separation between token issuance and market activity

# Liquidity Model

DCMA liquidity is ecosystem-driven rather than exchange-driven.

Key principles:

* Internal matched-order P2P mechanism
* Structured participation model
* Long-term holding orientation
* No dependency on centralized exchange listing

Liquidity visibility within NexusVault is algorithmically derived based on ecosystem parameters and internal participation activity.

# Governance Philosophy

DCMA is aligned with a long-term enterprise development strategy.

The core philosophy:

* Participation over speculation
* Infrastructure over hype
* Utility alignment over volatility
* Structured growth over uncontrolled expansion

Token holders are participating in a broader enterprise roadmap spanning 5–10+ years.

# Compliance & Risk Disclosure

* DCMA is a digital asset and carries inherent market and technological risks.
* It is not represented as a fixed-income instrument.
* It does not guarantee returns.
* Participation decisions must be made independently and responsibly.
* Users must comply with applicable local regulations in their jurisdiction.

This repository does not constitute financial advice.

# Technical Information

* Standard: BEP-20
* Smart Contract: Deployed on Binance Smart Chain
* Compatibility: Any BSC-compatible wallet (e.g., Trust Wallet, MetaMask BSC configuration)
* Explorer: Viewable on BSCScan
* Smart contract design follows standard token implementation with supply transparency on-chain.

# Token Utility (Current & Future Scope)

DCMA is structured for ecosystem participation in:

* Infrastructure-linked enterprise initiatives
* Digital platform integrations
* Strategic asset participation frameworks
* Enterprise-level settlement experiments (subject to regulatory alignment)
* Utility evolution is phased and governed by ecosystem readiness.

# Repository Contents

This repository may include:

* Smart contract source code
* Audit updates (if applicable)
* Technical documentation
* Governance notes
* Version history

# Roadmap (High-Level)

* Phase 1 – Ecosystem Foundation
* Phase 2 – Infrastructure Integration
* Phase 3 – Enterprise Participation Layer
* Phase 4 – Institutional Structuring
* Phase 5 – Cross-sector Expansion

Timelines are strategic and may evolve.

# About Decima Technologies

Decima Technologies is a technology enterprise focused on:

* Advanced ASI platforms
* Aviation systems architecture
* Infrastructure integration
* Research-driven commercialization

DCMA represents the digital asset layer of this broader ecosystem.

# Disclaimer

This repository is provided for transparency and technical reference purposes only.
Nothing herein constitutes an offer, solicitation, or investment recommendation.

Participation in digital assets involves risk. Users are responsible for conducting independent due diligence.

Commit message:

Add important notice about FIU registration
Added important notice about project registration with FIU.

README.md, after:

# Decima (DCMA)

<img width="6012" height="2285" alt="Decima-Coin-logo_1 0 1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74eedd16-7fdd-47ee-bc4c-b6f552e3ab73" />

Decima (DCMA) is a blockchain-based digital asset ecosystem developed by Decima Technologies to support long-term participation in real-economy infrastructure, aviation, AI platforms, and research-driven ventures.

DCMA is designed as a structured participation instrument within a broader enterprise ecosystem - emphasizing transparency, governance, and technological integration.

**Important Notice:** This project is registered with Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU), Ministry of Revenue, Government of India.

# Overview

* Token Name: Decima
* Symbol: DCMA
* Blockchain: Binance Smart Chain (BEP-20)
* Total Supply: 21,000,000 DCMA
* Decimals: 18
* Primary Ecosystem App: NexusVault (Google Play - Android)
* Link to Nexus Vault Android App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.decima.nexusvault

DCMA operates within a controlled ecosystem architecture where usage, transfers, and participation mechanisms are aligned with long-term enterprise objectives.

# NexusVault Android App Screenshots

<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7077abdc-7574-46b8-b992-772fd5010667" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0b7d80ef-b62d-4d5c-9c15-1c8cb5253a6a" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/720c6d3d-86f0-498f-8214-767b913d14a2" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/951c632d-171e-481e-bf09-6d107a1b3d0d" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf52642d-80c7-4a77-a179-e91a85610bb9" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58d9467f-5561-46fb-9bfd-924ab8c5b1da" />


<img width="400" height="1024" alt="NexusVault" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/78156775-b959-45c5-8f4e-4a4549c98d63" />

# Vision

Decima aims to build a structured digital asset layer that integrates with:

* Aviation infrastructure development
* Airline operations platforms
* AI-enabled airport systems
* Advanced research & IP commercialization
* Strategic enterprise participation frameworks
* The goal is not speculative short-term trading, but long-term ecosystem alignment.

# Ecosystem Architecture

DCMA functions within the NexusVault platform, which provides:

* Peer-to-peer matched trading
* Internal ecosystem liquidity mechanisms
* Structured pricing display logic
* Digital asset management interface
* Governance-based participation model

The architecture is designed to ensure:

* Controlled token circulation
* Transparent transaction history (on-chain)
* Independent wallet compatibility (BEP-20 compliant)
* Clear separation between token issuance and market activity

# Liquidity Model

DCMA liquidity is ecosystem-driven rather than exchange-driven.

Key principles:

* Internal matched-order P2P mechanism
* Structured participation model
* Long-term holding orientation
* No dependency on centralized exchange listing

Liquidity visibility within NexusVault is algorithmically derived based on ecosystem parameters and internal participation activity.

# Governance Philosophy

DCMA is aligned with a long-term enterprise development strategy.

The core philosophy:

* Participation over speculation
* Infrastructure over hype
* Utility alignment over volatility
* Structured growth over uncontrolled expansion

Token holders are participating in a broader enterprise roadmap spanning 5–10+ years.

# Compliance & Risk Disclosure

* DCMA is a digital asset and carries inherent market and technological risks.
* It is not represented as a fixed-income instrument.
* It does not guarantee returns.
* Participation decisions must be made independently and responsibly.
* Users must comply with applicable local regulations in their jurisdiction.

This repository does not constitute financial advice.

# Technical Information

* Standard: BEP-20
* Smart Contract: Deployed on Binance Smart Chain
* Compatibility: Any BSC-compatible wallet (e.g., Trust Wallet, MetaMask BSC configuration)
* Explorer: Viewable on BSCScan
* Smart contract design follows standard token implementation with supply transparency on-chain.

# Token Utility (Current & Future Scope)

DCMA is structured for ecosystem participation in:

* Infrastructure-linked enterprise initiatives
* Digital platform integrations
* Strategic asset participation frameworks
* Enterprise-level settlement experiments (subject to regulatory alignment)
* Utility evolution is phased and governed by ecosystem readiness.

# Repository Contents

This repository may include:

* Smart contract source code
* Audit updates (if applicable)
* Technical documentation
* Governance notes
* Version history

# Roadmap (High-Level)

* Phase 1 – Ecosystem Foundation
* Phase 2 – Infrastructure Integration
* Phase 3 – Enterprise Participation Layer
* Phase 4 – Institutional Structuring
* Phase 5 – Cross-sector Expansion

Timelines are strategic and may evolve.

# About Decima Technologies

Decima Technologies is a technology enterprise focused on:

* Advanced ASI platforms
* Aviation systems architecture
* Infrastructure integration
* Research-driven commercialization

DCMA represents the digital asset layer of this broader ecosystem.

# Disclaimer

This repository is provided for transparency and technical reference purposes only.
Nothing herein constitutes an offer, solicitation, or investment recommendation.

Participation in digital assets involves risk. Users are responsible for conducting independent due diligence.
